Narrator: Now, you might recognize the historical significance
Narrator: of this little building
Narrator: by the familiar sign there on the door
Luke: Darn it Bo.
Bo: If anything goes wrong around here, you always blame me.
Bo: Now, why is that?
Luke: 'cause you never do nothin' right.
Luke: The weight was all wrong on that arrow.
Luke: Here, watch this.
Bo: *laughs*
Bo: You can't even hit the ground with your hat.
Bo: And I get all the flack.
Luke: *groans*
*BANG*
Narrator: 'aint we off to a good start?
Luke: Hey Robin Hood
Luke: Those were supposed to be duds!
Luke: Now only you could mix in a live one with a detinator cap.
Jesse: Now who in the world would
Jesse: Blow up an outhouse?
Bo: I don't know how it happened Uncle Jesse.
Bo: I.. I was making duds out of the dynomite cases
Bo: So we could practice with 'em
Luke: My car magazines!
Bo: Well what I must of done is
Bo: Put the real dynomite next to the uh
Bo: box with the duds.
Luke: Bull! You got the IQ of a turnip
Luke: A small one
Jesse: Now, you have exactly one week
Jesse: both of 'ya
Jesse: to have a brand new one sittin' right there
Jesse: and you guys
*HONK*
Narrator: We've got company comin'
Luke: Five years of car magazines.
Luke: all blown to..
Luke: *PSST*
Narrator: Well, old Jesse was always big on reconstruction